.TH AUR-SEARCH 1 2019-01-24 AURUTILS
.SH NAME
aur\-search \- search for AUR packages

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY "aur search"
.OP \-adimnqrsv
.OP \-k key
.IR keyword ...
.YS

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B aur\-search
searches the AUR by multiple strings of packages. The union of all
results is returned.

By default, searches are performed by name and description using the
.I searchby
interface, and displayed in a brief format.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\-short
Only display package name, version and description.

.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\-raw
Display the unprocessed JSON output.

.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Display more package information.

.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-info
Use the
.I info
interface instead of
.IR searchby .

.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-desc
Search by package name and description.

.TP
.BR \-m ", " \-\-maintainer
Search by maintainer.

.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\-name
Search by package name.

.TP
.BR \-\-depends
Search for packages with keywords in
.BR depends .

.TP
.B \-\-makedepends
Search for packages with keywords in
.BR makedepends .

.TP
.B \-\-optdepends
Search for packages with keywords in
.BR optdepends .

.TP
.B \-\-checkdepends
Search for packages with keywords in
.BR checkdepends .

.TP
.BI "\-k " key
Sort results via a key, defaulting to
.IR Name .

Valid choices are
.IR Name ,
.IR Version ,
.IR NumVotes ,
.IR Description
(for brief output) or
.IR Name ,
.IR PackageBase ,
.IR Version ,
.IR Description ,
.IR URL ,
.IR NumVotes ,
.IR Popularity ,
.IR OutOfDate ,
.IR Maintainer ,
.IR FirstSubmitted ,
.IR LastModified
(for \fB\-v\fR verbose output).

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B AUR_COLOR
Output colorization can be controlled by setting this environment
variable to
.B always
for forcing colorization, or
.B auto
to colorize output only if both
.B stdout
and
.B stderr
are connected to a terminal.
.B never
or any unrecognized value will disable colorization completely. The
default value is
.BR auto .

.SH EXIT STATUS
The exit status is 0 on valid results, 1 if no results were found, or
2 if an AUR error occured (such as "Too many results").

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR aur (1),
.BR aur\-query (1),
.BR jq (1)

.SH AUTHORS
.MT https://github.com/AladW
Alad Wenter
.ME

.\" vim: set textwidth=72:
